## Data Visualization Steps
1. Install Robotic Operating Systems (ROS) Kinetic on Ubuntu 16.04.
2. Open ternimal and excute the commmand below to open the ROS core
> roscore run
3. Open another terminal to run the command below to open ROS RVIZ
> rosrun rviz rviz -d rviz_cfg_mmfall_raw.rviz
4. Open a new terminal to run the command below to show the camera video and radar point cloud sinuteneouely. The bag files can be found in the ors_bag_files folder.
> rosbag play *.bag 

## DS0:
Two hours of normal ADL, including randonly walking, sitting on the floor, crouching, bending, etc. No labeling. This dataset is for semi-supervised training (no falls in this dataset).

## DS1:
Randomly walking with one forward fall, one backward fall, one left fall, one right fall, one sitting on the floor, one crouching, one bending, and one jump. This small dataset is only for illustration purposes for different motions.

## DS2:
Randomly walking with 15 forward falls, 15 backward falls, 10 left falls, 10 right falls, 50 sitting on the floor, 50 crouching, 50 bending, and 50 jump. Labeling fall as ground truth. This dataset is for inference, and ROC is evaluated on this dataset.
The associated .csv file contains the ground truth when the motion happens.

## ros_bag_files
The source ROS bag files for DS0/DS1/DS2, where DS1 bag files inculde video recording and radar data, and DS0/DS2 bag files only contain radar data.

## normal_test_data.npy
A test dataset from DS0 (20%) generated by the function data_preproc. It's used for model testing. 

## normal_train_data.npy
A test dataset from DS0 (80%) generated by the function data_preproc. It's used for model training. 
